# WORD INDEX PRESENTATION

WORD INDEX helps you to build your index for big books written with Word 2007 or Word 2003.

WORD INDEX offers two features :
* Extracts words or sentences from a Word document according patterns
* Extracts all the words from a Word document and filters this words according patterns

The list of words that are generated by WORD INDEX can then be used to build an index with Word 2007 menu Reference, Insert Index, AutoMark or Word 2003 menu Insertion, Reference, Tables and Index..., AutoMark.

# WORD INDEX INSTALLATION

Pre-requesites :
Install Microsoft Office 2003 Primary Interop Assemblies (O2003PIA.MSI)
Install Microsoft Visual Studio Tools For Office Runtime (vstor30.exe)
Then :
Install WordIndex.msi (Right click on the msi file and select Install)
And launch the following command in a cmd :
C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v2.0.50727\caspol.exe -u -ag All_Code -url "C:\Program Files\Fullenbaum\Word Index\*" FullTrust -n "WordIndex" -d "Word Index Word add-in"

# WORD INDEX UNINSTALL

Uninstall WordIndex.msi (Control Panel)
Delete any WordIndex**.** file in c:\Temp
Uninstall if necessary Microsoft Visual Studio Tools For Office Runtime
Uninstall if necessary Microsoft Office 2003 Primary Interop Assemblies

# WORD INDEX USAGE

## Word 2007
Launch Word and open your document
Select with the mouse or the keyboard the text portion you want to work on
Click on the Add-ins Ribbon then on Word Index
You have 4 choices :
	* Extract words according to patterns...
   It will open a dialog box. Select a sample pattern or type a regular expression and click on the [Extract...](Extract...) button. It will open a notepad file with all the extracted words or sentences. Your Word document is'nt modified.
	* Extract all words for index...
   It will open a notepad file with all the word for you index. Words are filtered according filters set in the next menu. Your Word document is'nt modified.
	* Edit Index filters...
   It will open a dialog box. Add or deleted patterns (regular expression) to filter more or less words in the "Extract all words for index..." menu.
	* About Word Index...
   It will open a message box that will give you information about Word Index software.

The generated notepad files can be saved in your own directory and used for example to build the index of you book with Word 2007 (menu Reference, Insert Index, AutoMark) or with Word 2003 (menu Insertion, Reference, Tables and Index..., AutoMark).

NB : Word Index uses multithreading on multiple CPU computer to speed up the filtering operations. All the notepad files are generated in the c:\temp directory.
Two files are used to initialize the patterns (regular expressions) : c:\temp\wordindex.extractpatterns-fr.txt and c:\temp\wordindex.filterspatterns-fr.txt

## Word 2003
Launch Word and click on the Word Index menu
The menu items and the operations are the same than with Word 2007.
